[Music]
let's see okay so this is the purposeful
call for July 18th I believe and we just
have a couple of updates on the website
friends and I wanted to share and then
we can go to anything else that folks
have so on the content development front
we don't have anything new right now but
we're about to have a bunch of videos
produced from ipfs cam and when that
happens we will have some content that's
really relevant to add to both the new
resources pages and that we showed on
last week's call and kind of work into
some of the material so there's some
good stuff about see IDs and Merkle tag
and all of that jazz that will grab when
the videos come out so that's what's
kind of next on the content development
front but we've been focusing more on
sort of the ux front lately
thank you ago so let's see do go and I
finished up the resources page that we
showed up showed off on our call last
week I think so every tutorial now that
you visit all the existing ones have a
final page that links out to other
resources so that's going to be a good
place for us to capture links to content
that doesn't quite fit the format of
proto school it could be to
documentation it could be to tutorials
somewhere else or articles or blogs or
it could be like this is the next
participatory 'el that makes sense for
you so those pages are all built out but
very open to feedback if people have
specific resources to recommend to add
their feel free to put in the issue or a
pull request and then the other thing I
have started on is trying to improve the
linking between Docs in proto school so
I've been doing a bunch of linking from
for example of the ipfs files API and
kpi dots to the related tutorials on
photo school and now I'm taking a look
at IBM Festa I owe and jsni PFS I owe
the websites themselves to see where
there are spots that we could just give
a good mention so that's kind of ongoing
I'm sure we'll find a lot more places to
do that linking as we go on and so far
what we've been doing is going to those
other sites and then interpret a school
but we'll also need to go back through
our material and photo school and just
double check that we have linked out to
you know when we describe the command we
should be linking to you the
documentation selectman so that will be
coming as well and then I'm sort of the
project management front Ollie and I
were able to migrate our analytics which
we have been using Google for two
countly instead so countly lets you keep
keep all of the data yourself instead of
having it in Google scans but especially
important we were able to make
I make countly understand different
things in our single page application as
pages so we can see that someone visited
the third lesson in the MF s tutorial
for example so it's going to allow us to
do more detailed tracking and see what
content people are enjoying and there
are kind of two things that we need to
do moving forward on the analytics
before we sort of check that one off our
list one of them is to fix the hosting
and we're currently piggybacking off of
count lead ipfs io which is working in
general but if you have for example in
Safari there's a box that comes pre
checked that says disable cross-site
tracking and it will feel like frost
site tracking to the browser so I'm kind
of migrating that to proto school itself
so that that won't feel like such a
sketchy thing to the user agent and then
we are also going to go through and look
at what events click events we want to
track so for example knowing how often
somebody clicks to view the solution
will show us that a particular lesson
this partner or we might be able to
track haven't thought through it
thoroughly but we might know like how
many times they submitted while they
were on a certain page and submitted
incorrect code or those kinds of things
so yoga and I will be kind of looking at
what what events make sense to track so
that we can get a handle on how our
content is doing what's too hard was too
easy what features people are
appreciating that kind stuff so all of
that is kind of down the road but that
gives us some metrics to see and a
chance to see like where our views are
coming from what the sources are a lot
of the sources and it's only been
enabled for a few days on count me but a
lot of the sources right now are the
blog because we had articles about like
if I stamp that mentions the newsletter
sorry that mentioned the proto school
tutorial the newsletter for any FS is
also a place where proto school often
gets mentioned so we've had some traffic
there and then you know direct stuff and
we'll see more I think we'll see more
from Twitter once we fix the cross-site
wracking because if somebody has an
iPhone we put so many bunch with her
they're going to have that
preset that doesn't thank you they won't
come through some um that's that's the
bulk of the stuff that I've been working
on do yoga with our other stuff that you
want to mention I'm not sure if you'll
mention because that was unethical to
mention what we were doing with the
lesson component okay so basically well
for for the users this they can see the
work that is currently ongoing but we're
operating how the foundations of
rotoscope
so we hope in the future to have not
only ipfs lessons but maybe we p2p and
other type of license so for that we
need to reflect it basically how proto
school is built right now so we can play
basically make everything pluggable so
we can have a different variety of
license not only FS so that's been a big
chunk of the work we have been making
embeds in a negative state right now
yeah and that will enable us to for
example a to and work another feature
let's tear as in working on which is
multiple-choice license so we're hoping
to make proto school a bit more have
more variety of lessons not only X only
exercises coding exercises there now
multiple-choice exercise and probably
more in the future
yeah for math lessons and you know on
the back end right now like we're set up
as you go mentioned to create a new IP
FS instance but down the road if we have
front-end about tools beyond ipfs we
want to make the make the structure more
flexible so work about stuff so these
are kind of first step sounds awesome
um I don't have new updates on the
community front we talked last week
about concrete it was to have people at
ipfs camp but Kevin you weren't with us
was there anything you wanted to share
either about your experience ipfs camp
or stuff that's going on in Hong Kong or
the Chinese news
actually the chem was really great
experience for us I think like the
learning style learning atmosphere
everything I think all the feedback I
received from the Chinese attendees
they're they're very positive they're
like I think III actually I study in
Canada before so I get used to this
style of learning right
but then for most of them they think
that it's totally different cultural
cultural difference like so they really
enjoyed this kind of style from the cam
and then they want to bring it back to
the China suits you try to grow the
developer community so I think it was
really really great for us and then I
was lucky enough to be one of their
treatment for the inactive and then I
think after the elective course we had
the fill potential pull school organizer
which is I think a master from Japan you
just submit a request request for Tokyo
Japan pull of school so hopefully we'll
get more people joining Iran oh wow yeah
and then oh yeah and then the Falcon
team is was in China in last week I
think our Michelle and Colleen we're
here and I met them personally and then
we have dinner together yeah and then I
think they they talk about our they'd
show more attention than ipfs because
they're coming for Falconeri but then
they mention about ipfs puta school I
think that's a really really positive
for the whole community as well like as
long as people are getting interest so
people I see people are getting more
attention on the developing developing
side like like before they were just
thinking about Falcor and like earning
money but now she knows that device
developers and device I mean like the da
PP or developing a very important to the
whole ecosystem so like they have more
tension on the others high as well I
think it's a good it's a good a good
sign as well yeah awesome so when you
mentioned that the format like the
learning format at ipfs camp felt unique
to some of the people from China was
that about some of the content being
more like interactive or kind of between
the attendees as opposed to like here's
the instructor here are the people who
are learning or what I think into into a
interactive past interactive part is one
of the most interesting part and then
the other part is like people have more
involvement between learning with they
have learning instead of just inserted
standing there delivery I think this is
totally different style in China in from
the Western yeah interesting
yep um yeah I don't think I have
anything else today did anybody else
have something they want to chuck route
in for the school land
hey Kevin can you shoot me your email
address when you have a minute do so
have my card
oh yes yeah I just got my computer this
today so I assign you like email yeah
yeah okay so we'll do a check full email
okay all right have a lovely day and
I'll see y'all next week yes yeah never